All right.
Largest of four saw we have here is a what our objective is is we have four nested arrays I say necessary
but there's four arrays in them of numbers and we want to return the highest number for each array.
So you'll see here we have thousand one for our output.
We have thirty nine and I think I might have reversed these but then we have 5 and then we have 27 other
outputs.
We want to return the values of the largest the largest value in each individual array as an array.
That's our objective.
I don't really have any hints for you here.
This is a pure logic one.
Let's go out and jump into it.
All right so I can actually solve this one but I don't think it's going to be too difficult so we'll
go ahead and get it.
So we know we have done this.
We have a double nested array and we know that we want to return an array of numbers so we go in and
create a array here and we'll call this highest numbers and this will be of type number array.
And I just got a new update to Visual Studio which you'll see these great out values.
They basically mean like hey we never do anything with this.
Why do you have it here.
Which is pretty cool.
I like that update.
So what we're going to do here is return highest numbers Marinus.
Now we're going to iterate through highest numbers and lowest the highest numbers for each actually
worries for us.
Because I think it would be more readable.
So we'll let
on Tues what numbers of Gnome's
ghost number list number group number group select number group of Naam so I'll do another one here.
I say let.
Number of numbered group.
All right.
So we're now iterating through our double nested array.
Right here what we're going to have is a a variable that we're going to store our largest number for
that we're going keep track of.
And so we're going to be dealing with only positive numbers so it's OK for us initialises to zero.
So we call this highest number or largest which is called largest initialized it to zero.
And so here we can go ahead and do a turn ary says largest is equal to your turn their hair is largish
less than number.
If so return number three set largest.
Now what we need to do outside of this loop is we just need to go ahead and say Hey now that we have
our largest number and take highest numbers and push the largest to it and that's it we're done.
So just go read the logic one more time we are iterating through both arrays.
We have a very well that gets reset for every time we go through a new array to 0 and then each iteration
we're just checking to see if our largest number is in fact larger than our current one.
If it is a set if not just reset to its own value.
And in this case we're once it's done going all the way through.
We then just push whatever currently is largest and do it again.